README.md, before:

<br/>
<div align="center">
    <a href="https://www.withampersand.com/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=mcp-docs-server&utm_content=logo">
    <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dycvts6vp/image/upload/v1723671980/ampersand-logo-black.svg" height="30" align="center" alt="Ampersand logo" >
    </a>
<br/>
<br/>

<div align="center">

 [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20The%20Community-black?logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/BWP4BpKHvf) [![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Read%20our%20Documentation-black?logo=book)](https://docs.withampersand.com) ![PRs welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg) <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=license&message=MIT&color=white" alt="License">
</div>

</div>

# Ampersand Starter Project

This is a starter project for [Ampersand](https://www.withampersand.com). It contains:
- A minimal React + Vite app that embeds the `InstallIntegration` UI component.
- An integration for HubSpot, defined in `integrations/amp.yaml`. You can replace it with any other integration from the [samples repo](https://github.com/amp-labs/samples).

## Prerequisites

1. Sign up for a [free Ampersand account](https://dashboard.withampersand.com/sign-up) and follow the prompts to create a new project.
2. Create an API key in the [API Keys](https://dashboard.withampersand.com/projects/_/api-keys) section of the Ampersand dashboard.
3. Create a destination in the [Destinations](https://dashboard.withampersand.com/projects/_/destinations) section of the Ampersand dashboard called `defaultWebhook`. If you don't have a webhook, you can create a temporary one at [https://play.svix.com](https://play.svix.com).
4. If you want to use the HubSpot integration in this repo, you'll need to create a HubSpot account and HubSpot App by following the instructions in the [Hubspot guide](https://docs.withampersand.com/provider-guides/hubspot). If you wish to use another integration instead, follow the appropriate [provider guide](https://docs.withampersand.com/provider-guides/overview).
5. Download the [Ampersand CLI](https://docs.withampersand.com/cli/overview) and run `amp login` to authenticate.

## Running the project

1. Clone the repository.
2. Run `npm install`.
3. If you do not wish to use the HubSpot integration, replace the `integrations/amp.yaml` file with another integration from the [samples repo](https://github.com/amp-labs/samples) or create your own by [following the docs](https://docs.withampersand.com). If the destination in `integrations/amp.yaml` is not called `defaultWebhook`, update the name of the destination you created in the Ampersand dashboard.

4. Deploy the integration by running `amp deploy integrations -p <my-project-name>` in the root of the project.
5. Update `src/App.tsx` with:
  - Your project name and API key.
  - If you are not using the `hubspotCRM` integration, update the `integration` variable with the name of the integration in `integrations/amp.yaml`.
6. Run `npm run dev`.

Commit message:

Update readme with my changes

README.md, after:

<br/>
<div align="center">
    <a href="https://www.withampersand.com/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=mcp-docs-server&utm_content=logo">
    <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/dycvts6vp/image/upload/v1723671980/ampersand-logo-black.svg" height="30" align="center" alt="Ampersand logo" >
    </a>
<br/>
<br/>

<div align="center">

 [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20The%20Community-black?logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/BWP4BpKHvf) [![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Read%20our%20Documentation-black?logo=book)](https://docs.withampersand.com) ![PRs welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg) <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=license&message=MIT&color=white" alt="License">
</div>

</div>

# Ampersand Starter Project

This is a starter project for [Ampersand](https://www.withampersand.com). It contains:
- A minimal React + Vite app that embeds the `InstallIntegration` UI component.
- An integration for HubSpot, defined in `integrations/amp.yaml`. You can replace it with any other integration from the [samples repo](https://github.com/amp-labs/samples).

## Prerequisites

1. Sign up for a [free Ampersand account](https://dashboard.withampersand.com/sign-up) and follow the prompts to create a new project.
2. Create an API key in the [API Keys](https://dashboard.withampersand.com/projects/_/api-keys) section of the Ampersand dashboard.
3. Create a destination in the [Destinations](https://dashboard.withampersand.com/projects/_/destinations) section of the Ampersand dashboard called `defaultWebhook`. If you don't have a webhook, you can create a temporary one at [https://play.svix.com](https://play.svix.com).
4. If you want to use the HubSpot integration in this repo, you'll need to create a HubSpot account and HubSpot App by following the instructions in the [Hubspot guide](https://docs.withampersand.com/provider-guides/hubspot). If you wish to use another integration instead, follow the appropriate [provider guide](https://docs.withampersand.com/provider-guides/overview).
  - Note: I'm currently using this starter demo repo to setup an integration with Atlassian's Jira Service Mangement. Referencing this [example yaml](https://github.com/amp-labs/samples/blob/main/atlassian/amp.yaml)
  - Also this might sound obvious but when installing the integration please use your Atlassian workspace name,
  NOT your integration name, or Ampersand Project name.
5. Download the [Ampersand CLI](https://docs.withampersand.com/cli/overview) and run `amp login` to authenticate.

## Running the project

1. Clone the repository.
2. Run `npm install`.
3. If you do not wish to use the HubSpot integration, replace the `integrations/amp.yaml` file with another integration from the [samples repo](https://github.com/amp-labs/samples) or create your own by [following the docs](https://docs.withampersand.com). If the destination in `integrations/amp.yaml` is not called `defaultWebhook`, update the name of the destination you created in the Ampersand dashboard.

4. Deploy the integration by running `amp deploy integrations -p <my-project-name>` in the root of the project.
5. Update `src/App.tsx` with:
  - Your project name and API key.
  - If you are not using the `hubspotCRM` integration, update the `integration` variable with the name of the integration in `integrations/amp.yaml`.
6. Run `npm run dev`.
